Add databricks tip (#770)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/tips/databricks/index.md

> Integration with other services to process jobs and functions is sometimes necessary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration with other platforms to execute jobs and functions is sometimes necessary. 
```

> This tip shows how to use Taipy scenarios with platforms like Databricks simultaneously. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tip shows how to integrate Taipy scenarios with platforms like Databricks. 
```

  - **Notebook Path:** Specify the path to your notebook.
  - **Job Libraries:** Add any additional libraries required for your job.

- **Advanced Options:** Configure any advanced options based on your requirements.

### 4. Run and Monitor the Databricks Job

- **Run the Job:** After configuring the job settings, click "Run Now" to execute the job immediately.

- **Monitor Job Execution:** Monitor the job execution in real-time. Databricks 
provides logs and detailed information about the job's progress.

## Databricks Class: Bridging the Gap

To seamlessly integrate Databricks jobs with scenarios, we introduce the `Databricks` 
class. This class facilitates communication with Databricks clusters, enabling users to 
trigger jobs and retrieve results.

```python
import requests
import time
import logging
import os

CLUSTER_NAME = os.environ['DatabricksClusterName']
BASIC_TIMEOUT = 60 * 15
INTERMEDIATE_TIMEOUT = 60

class Databricks:
    def __init__(self, token, databricks_endpoint, *args, **kwargs):
        # Initialization details...

    @property
    def cluster_id(self) -> str:
        # Retrieve cluster ID...

    def status(self):
        # Check cluster status...

>     def get(self, endpoint, dataset=None, timeout=BASIC_TIMEOUT):

Reviewer: I believe `get` is a wrong name or at least misleading. Here, the meaning of get is that you want to get the endpoint, which is not at all what you are doing.

You can use run, run_job, compute, process, trigger_execution, execute, compute_ressults, compute_and_get_ressults...

Author: There are two steps in the `get` function. One is where you trigger the job, and one is where you get the endpoint many times at some interval to get the results. I can go with `run_and_get_results` if you like it

    def _list_jobs(self):
        # List available jobs...
```

The `Databricks` class allows users to trigger jobs, monitor their status, and retrieve 
results seamlessly within the Taipy framework.

```python
default_param = {"param1": "value1", "param2": "value2"}

ENDPOINT = os.environ['JobEndpoint']

def predict(parameters):
    databricks = Databricks(os.environ['DatabricksBearerToken'],
                            os.environ['DatabricksEndpoint'])

    try:
        return databricks.get(ENDPOINT, parameters)
    except Exception as e:
        try:
            logging.info("Taipy tries predict a second time")
            return databricks.get(ENDPOINT, parameters)
        except Exception as e:
            logging.info(f'Error during the databricks call\n{e}')
            return None

```

As you can see, multiple values are used to connect to Databricks and to the right job.

- *JobEndpoint*: the name of the job.
- *DatabricksBearerToken*: your bearer token. Create one using this [tutorial](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/auth/pat.html).
- *DatabricksEndpoint*: Databricks endpoint which is the base URL of your Databricks (example: *xxxyyyyzzz.azuredatabricks.net*).

> - *DatabricksClusterName*: the name of the cluster to be used.

Reviewer: Why do you use environment variables? 
Since it is just an example/tip and not real code, I would just use simple variables for better readability.
Eventually, you can leave a comment explaining the values that could be retrieved from environment variables, at least for the token.

Author: I want people to avoid trying the code and seeing that it is not working because the secrets do not work, so I want to make it obvious to use their variables. Also, this is a generic code that could work for anyone. What do you think?

Reviewer: For me, it is strange to pass the databricks job, the databricks cluster name and its endpoint as env variables, especially for the job. Plus it slightly degrades the readability.
However, you have very good arguments as well. So I let you decide.

Now, this `predict` function is usable by Taipy inside a scenario. A potential 
integration into the configuration is as follows:

```python
from taipy.config import Config

params_cfg = Config.configure_data_node("params",
                                        default_data={"param1": "value1",
                                                      "param2": "value2"})

results_cfg = Config.configure_data_node("result")

task_databricks_cfg = Config.configure_task("databricks",
                                            input=[params_cfg],
                                            function=predict,
                                            output=[results_cfg])

scenario_cfg = Config.configure_scenario("scenario", task_config=[task_databricks_cfg])
```

Now, that the scenario is configured, it can be created and executed to retrieve the 
proper results.

```python
import taipy as tp 

> tp.Core().run()

Reviewer: Please use the `if __name__ == "__main__"` here.
